Hello Facebook Ads people!
My name is Konstantinos
and today is the day that
we're going to discuss about
the end of breakdown data reporting on the Facebook platform.
The breakdown results are gone and
they are never coming back,
as facebook announced after the iOS changes.
No God!
Please no!
NO!
If you follow me on social media,
if you've read my book, you know that
I love dynamic creative ads and open targeting.
I love segmentation of different audiences and demographics,
but I won't be able to break down the results of my ads anymore
in order to do this
and this is actually devastating.
With breakdown results, we were able to see
which ages, placements and more
were working bringing sales or leads
and that was amazing for me,
my accounts and I bet for other people too.
But now it is just gone and it is not comig back
as Facebook announced.
The breakdown of which dynamic creatives
or copies are working,
was discontinued for a period,
but now it is back
and I'm super happy about it.
One last thing that is really bothering me and
I actually consider it one of the worst developments
on the platform is that
the breakdown of results are not available anymore.
Whaaat?!
And because i'm so pissed about it,
I'm going to do a whole video about this topic
There is one thing that really really really bothers me the most,
that the next time a Facebook representative talks to me
about automatic placements
I won't be able to rub in their face,
the breakdown results of the placement showing that
three or four placements actually work.
The idea that I'm not able to do this anymore,
drives me crazy.
There's a small work around,
but I'm still not super satisfied with it.
Let's jump on my computer to show you,
how to break down the results and how it used to look
and how it looks now.
So let me show you how the breakdown of results is working,
now that we have the breakdown of results
for the dynamic ads again.
Thank God!
Okay, we can actually see how it used to look
also for the age, placement and stuff.
So I have this campaign from the last 30 days the results,
we can see that it spent 5.5k okay?
So if we come here on the dots, okay,  we can see the breakdown.
If we see the breakdown by time,
we don't want to see that but
we used to be able to see that; the age, gender, and country,
and also very important was the placement as I mentioned.
So let's go on the age.
What can we see here?
Nothing! We can see zero results okay,
so we cannot understand where
these 130 purchases are coming from,
from which age.
But there's a workaround as I said,
we can see how much money it was spent towards the ages.
So we can understand from that,
that if the sales are coming from 55-64, 65+ okay?
The purchases should be there okay because
we spend more money towards these ages.
Now, the big question is if my ads are working
and I'm seeing the amount spent then
I can understand that it's working because
it's optimizing for these ages.
Perfect! If my ads are not working what it's going to happen?
Then you are helpless, that's the truth.
And the point that I'm saying that
not having the breakdown of results because
we cannot see how Facebook is spending our money.
It's tragic.
It's because of that.
Because if 65+
for example it's spending a lot of money, but
it's not giving you the cost per acquisition that
you want in order to be profitable,
maybe in your next ads and
this is what we used to do back in the spring,
we were able to actually say
"Okay I'm not going to target 65+,
I'm going to go untill 64."
So now this option is gone.
Also another thing is the breakdown of
the placement.
This is very important for me
because when it comes to placements,
I like to use Instagram Feed, Facebook Feed,
Instagram Stories, maybe Facebook Stories.
And now, of course, we have the reels that
we are all testing and we will see
what's going to happen with them but
everything else that Facebook says
if you talk with a representative,
they're going to say exactly the same thing.
"Do automatic placements."
Why?
When we were being able to break down the results,
we were able to see that when you have
all of these different placements,
you were actually able to spend a little bit,
it was spending something like 30 cents, 40 cents,
1 dollar. Okay?
And then it was spending all the other money
on the Facebook Feed or the Instagram Feed
and every representative was saying that
"Yes, because it's optimizing towards those options,
so it's spending all this amount of money there."
My way of thinking is this
what if this is a conspiracy, okay,
what if Facebook wants you to spend in
all of the placements, even if they know that
it's going to optimize at the end of the day
for Facebook Feed and Instagram Feed and Instagram Stories.
Are they winning a lot of money?
Of course they do!
Because imagine that
each of your ad sets is spending at least 3, 4, 5 dollars
without any return on these stupid other placements
instead of advertising immediately to those placements.
It's a lot of money as you can understand.
So this is one of the other things that it's really
annoying and we will not be able to break down anymore.
The good news is that the breakdown of
results for the dynamic ads is back.
Let me show you how they're working, so that
you can take also an idea of how it used to work
about the ages and the placements and the platform of course.
Now, if we come to those 2 ad sets and we click here,
we can come to breakdown and we can do
by Dynamic Creative, we can see about images
and we can see that now we have this segmentation
and we know that this video for example
has the majority of the sales.
Over here we have this
and this video having the majority of the sales.
We can do exactly the same about the copy by doing that
and we can see that this copy for example
is selling better and in that case,
this and this copy are selling better.
Why is this important?
Because when you're donid dynamic ads and
you're having several videos or images
or you are having several copies,
you can actually break down the results and see
what is working and what doesn't work and then
adjust your strategy in the next dynamic ads that
you are goning to see.
So that's all i had for you about the breakdown of the results.
It's really sad that we cannot actually use
the breakdown of results for the age, placement,
and everything in order to see our demographics.
Most probably you can do that with
UTM parameters and you can check
your Google Analytics for that.
That's the sad truth and you won't be able to
actually do changes like analyzing the results and
knowing for example that a specific age is not working for you.
You have to do the analysis about that externally.
And the other thing is that at least
we have back the breakdown of the dynamic results,
if we didn't have that most probably this video
would have another language and another tone becuause
I was going to be even more angry with Facebook.
You won't be able to see the exact number of sales
but you will be able to know where
Facebook is spending your money and
guess what if the cost per result is okay,
and my business
and my campaign is working then perfect!
Facebook you can spend all the money that you want
and it goes like this;
I'm spending money...
oops my campaign is working
"Facebook take all my money it's yours!"
Who is going to clean this up now?
The big question is what is going to happen
if the results are bad
and apparently you're spending my money, Facebook,
on wrong placements or demographics.
To be honest with you, I just don't see why
the iOS changes brought the end of the breakdown results.
I don't get it in a technical level and I don't see
how a platform asks from advertisers
to just trust it blindly without being able to analyze
any results from the ads that they have paid
and they have spent their own money.
I just think that Facebook should
wear their big boy pants and since
they cannot do the job, admit that they will
have to analyze the results with Google Analytics
because this is what we are doing for the past month!
Does the truth hurt your Facebook?
Fix the platform!
In any case, that's all I had for you about
the loss of breakdown results.
Hit the like button if you like the video and
subscribe if you want to see more in the future.
If you didn't like it...
it's totally fine.
If you feel like it leave your questions below
with the hashtag #AskKonstantinos and
your question might be featured in a future video
and don't forget that if you want to learn more about
Facebook Ads you can read my book or check my courses,
links are below in the description.
Until we meet again
be creative and be consistent!